hello friends how are you how do you like
the braid that we are going to weave today is
well nice truth be welcome
again to tele with me I am the and
I'm happy to bring you this
braid that is the braid of 3 segments is
a braid that looks great and is
woven and over a total of 16 points I
here I add 4 and 4 on each side to
make it stand out a little bit more
you do like this or if you want to weave the
pure braid are 16 points then we go
to start are 12 laps
and we started the first round we passed the
point without knitting and we weave
backhand points
then we weave 16 points of right and
again 4 reverse points
on lap number 2 and all laps
backwards
let's knit
let's move on a knit without knitting
three points of right
16 reverse points
and the last four points also the
let's knit right
I already have my first two laps
basically they are the ones that are going to repeat
throughout the whole reason what I'm going
to do to not lose my accounts is
put a laps marker here
to know where I started and not have
difficulties precisely because it is a
braid and it is difficult to count the turns or
keep track then here I know that
here I started that is already my second
back I go for the third one and that's how I'm going
be much easier to count the twelve
laps that I'm going to do
if you do not have a marker like
these can use anything like
a needle for braids a bit of
stamen pass it here
when we get to turn number 5
let's do our first crusade what
what we are going to do is that we weave
our first 4 edge points
and let's move on
4 points
from our fabric to the needle for
braids
and we passed them back the 4
later we are going to weave four
rights
and 4 and we return the points we have
in our needle for braids
and we do the same again 4 points a
We used the needle for braids to
behind
we weave 4 rights
and we return our points
of the needle for braids
and I'm going to weave my 4 edge points
that are setbacks
and so we finished our round number 5
when we arrived on the 11th lap
let's do our second crusader and
the last one then what we're going to do
is to weave our four edge points
here I slide the first one and weave three
backhand points
and I already have my 4 edge points in my
right needle afterwards to do the
Yew braid 1
two
and I pass four points to my needle to
braids and I put them to the front and
yew four others
one
two
and four rights and return
my stitches to my needle to weave the
and the legal texts
one
two
and 4
I have four more rights
one
two
and 4 already finished the reason for the braid and
now I weave the 4 backs of the edge
and so ended the return to number 11 that
it was the return to the second crusader and let's go
to weave round number 12 and last
return
ready I have here my braid of 3 segments
look how pretty is a very cute braid
I hope you liked it, thanks
your visit today we are very
soon take care leave me all your complaints
suggestions questions here in the box
from below I will review them and visit
my page thank god